Spreadsheets (#1783)
enkidevs/curriculum: excel/beginner/intro-to-functions-and-formulas/introduction-to-functions.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

levels:
  - beginner

aspects:
  - new
  - workout

type: normal

category: how to

links:
  - '[Excel Function List](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/excel-functions-alphabetical-b3944572-255d-4efb-bb96-c6d90033e188){documentation}'
---

# Introduction to functions

---
## Content

Functions are predefined formulas.

The best part is, there are tons of built-in functions in Excel.

This is why you don't need to create formulas for most things, you can just make use of Excel's built-in ones.

These functions can be used to calculate a sum, an average, min and max values, perform a count, calculate logarithms and much more. A full list of built-in functions will be in the `links` sections.

> Just like formulas, functions start with an equal sign but are followed by a "function name" and an argument.

Reviewer: There might be functions without arguments (like `NOW()` or functions with more than one argument)

```suggestion
Just like formulas, functions start with an equal sign but are followed by a "function name" and zero or more arguments.
```
